we are within minutes of our destination
special spot we got up early very very
early and ran up what have you guessed
so far about today that you think is
happening what did you say at walmart
that you thought we were going to be
going someplace with what with a ride
and you thought you would have to do
what for the rides pay money for all the
rides she had coins in her hand she said
i could use these for the rides and i
said well you're right we're going
someplace with the rise but what did I
say about the rides you don't pay
anything for all the each and individual
rides right you just get a ticket to go
in and then you can write everything in
the park you do same you're gonna meet
and who do you think that we're gonna
see who'd you say firstly you thought
you were gonna see and brendan and then
what a daddy say about Morgan and
Brendan
that's not what I said I said is it a
long trip or a short trip to see them a
short trip and what do we take today a
long trip so it probably is not them is
it well we're about to find out in just
a few minutes in Jos of you and who did
you get second and why do you think
we're gonna see papa and granny cause
you knew they're gonna be hoping a big
sign we're passing Rena who do you see
on that sign right there Oh Snoopy are
we gonna see Snoopy oh that will be fun
to see Snoopy do you like Snoopy
highness us you have a soupy stuffed
animal yes hi they are you drinking your
juice challenge dying together oh when
you are saying this that's a fix hey
mesophase
is over across the water and what is
that what roller coasters whoa you've
been here before but it's been a while
right now this place is called cedar
point when you were here a couple years
ago with mommy and daddy and you and oh
yeah you and daddy went on the kid
roller coaster last time not the big big
ones like that you see there there are
two little going those big ones but they
have a lot and lots of fun kid rides and
they have a Snoopy land and I think they
have a Snoopy show I don't know if it'll
be showing today but we'll see but
probably you can see stinky somewhere
when let me find it yeah the little
rides yeah you can go into little roller
coaster a little ride that'll be so much
fun inside to see rest the family and
double the surprise for everyone this is
all alert what is this place
is he waiting out here somewhere
who is who is
yay nice surprise
haha
hey
we get there we may just have to thank
you run over and see it are they had the
right then I look at the camera
one
Eric moms did write a play arena Oh get
in she doesn't know
where they are the straight across trade
a drive baseball
right through this crap this crowd to
get along yeah okay crowds gotta hide a
high price though right till we're right
before
go
trade
yeah we did we pass into
whatever
own it yeah yeah what do we owe the park
no you're like you have to rise
you